README.md, before:

# Hey, I'm Varsha Rana! 👋
I'm a **passionate Software Engineer** with over **5 years of experience** in **software development** and **mentoring**. My focus is on creating **well-designed, scalable applications** while emphasizing **clean code**, **user experience**, and **continuous learning**. I hold **Bachelor's degree in Computer Science** and **Master's degree in Computer Applications** from **India**, officially **recognized and validated by the Central Office for Foreign Education (ZAB) in Germany**, and Completed an **intensive software engineering bootcamp** funded by the **German Government**, **Ongoing certification: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner**, expanding my expertise in **AWS Cloud technologies**.

I love teaching **complex concepts** in a **simplified manner** and am dedicated to delivering **high-quality projects** that solve **real-world problems**. Feel free to explore my latest work on my [**GitHub profile**](https://github.com/Vrana710). If you have any questions or just want to connect, don’t hesitate to reach out!

## 📫 Let's Connect
I'm always excited to connect with fellow software engineers, developers, and tech enthusiasts! If you're interested in sharing ideas, collaborating, or just chatting about tech, feel free to reach out to me:

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; text-align: center;">
  <tr style="background-color: #f2f2f2;">
    <th style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">On LinkedIn</th>
    <th style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">Via Email at</th>
    <th style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">Check out my Portfolio</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/varsha-rana/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Varsha%20Rana-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">
      <a href="mailto:ranavarsha710@gmail.com">
        <img src="https://github.com/blackcater/blackcater/raw/main/images/social-gmail.svg" alt="Gmail Badge" width="90" height="40" style="border-radius: 5px;">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">
      <a href="https://vrana710.github.io/Portfolio/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-visit%20my%20site-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=Google%20Chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio Badge">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Let’s connect, collaborate, and inspire each other!

## 💻 ⚙️ Languages and Tools
<div align="left">
	<table>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192107855-e669c777-9172-49c5-b7e0-404e29df0fee.png" alt="gRPC" title="gRPC"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192107858-fe19f043-c502-4009-8c47-476fc89718ad.png" alt="REST" title="REST"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108372-f71d70ac-7ae6-4c0d-8395-51d8870c2ef0.png" alt="Git" title="Git"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108374-8da61ba1-99ec-41d7-80b8-fb2f7c0a4948.png" alt="GitHub" title="GitHub"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108889-232b3431-a585-4b36-a62d-9078bd3641d9.png" alt="Vim" title="Vim"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108891-d86b6220-e232-423a-bf5f-90903e6887c3.png" alt="Visual Studio Code" title="Visual Studio Code"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108892-6e9b5cdf-4e35-4a70-ad9a-801a93a07c1c.png" alt="eclipse" title="eclipse"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/190887576-6653f877-8439-4521-82f3-403086ead892.png" alt="Sublime Text" title="Sublime Text"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192109061-e138ca71-337c-4019-8d42-4792fdaa7128.png" alt="Postman" title="Postman"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192158954-f88b5814-d510-4564-b285-dff7d6400dad.png" alt="HTML" title="HTML"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183898674-75a4a1b1-f960-4ea9-abcb-637170a00a75.png" alt="CSS" title="CSS"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183898054-b3d693d4-dafb-4808-a509-bab54cf5de34.png" alt="Bootstrap" title="Bootstrap"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/186711335-a3729606-5a78-4496-9a36-06efcc74f800.png" alt="Swagger" title="Swagger"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117447155-6a868a00-af3d-11eb-9cfe-245df15c9f3f.png" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183897015-94a058a6-b86e-4e42-a37f-bf92061753e5.png" alt="React" title="React"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/121401671-49102800-c959-11eb-9f6f-74d49a5e1774.png" alt="npm" title="npm"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183568594-85e280a7-0d7e-4d1a-9028-c8c2209e073c.png" alt="Node.js" title="Node.js"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183859966-a3462d8d-1bc7-4880-b353-e2cbed900ed6.png" alt="Express" title="Express"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117201156-9a724800-adec-11eb-9a9d-3cd0f67da4bc.png" alt="Java" title="Java"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192106070-46255bcf-65e6-4c6b-a296-bf8d0d8fb2a7.png" alt="C" title="C"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192106073-90fffafe-3562-4ff9-a37e-c77a2da0ff58.png" alt="C++" title="C++"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/121405384-444d7300-c95d-11eb-959f-913020d3bf90.png" alt="C#" title="C#"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/121405754-b4f48f80-c95d-11eb-8893-fc325bde617f.png" alt=".NET Core" title=".NET Core"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183423507-c056a6f9-1ba8-4312-a350-19bcbc5a8697.png" alt="Python" title="Python"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183423775-2276e25d-d43d-4e58-890b-edbc88e915f7.png" alt="Flask" title="Flask"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/184117132-9e89a93b-65fb-47c3-91e7-7d0f99e7c066.png" alt="pytest" title="pytest"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/62091613/9bf5650b-e534-4eae-8a26-8379d076f3b4" alt="Django" title="Django"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183570228-6a040b9f-3ddf-47a2-a201-743121dac664.png" alt="php" title="php"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117208740-bfb78400-adf5-11eb-97bb-09072b6bedfc.png" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183896128-ec99105a-ec1a-4d85-b08b-1aa1620b2046.png" alt="MySQL" title="MySQL"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/182884894-d3fa6ee0-f2b4-4960-9961-64740f533f2a.png" alt="redis" title="redis"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/136815194/82df4543-236b-4e45-9604-5434e3faab17" alt="SQLite" title="SQLite"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/19180175/3b371807-db7c-45b4-8720-c0cfc901680a" alt="MSSQL" title="MSSQL"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117207330-263ba280-adf4-11eb-9b97-0ac5b40bc3be.png" alt="Docker" title="Docker"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/182534006-037f08b5-8e7b-4e5f-96b6-5d2a5558fa85.png" alt="Kubernetes" title="Kubernetes"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183868728-b2e11072-00a5-47e2-8a4e-4ebbb2b8c554.png" alt="CI/CD" title="CI/CD"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/179090274-733373ef-3b59-4f28-9ecb-244bea700932.png" alt="Jenkins" title="Jenkins"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183345121-36788a6e-5462-424a-be67-af1ebeda79a2.png" alt="Terraform" title="Terraform"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183896132-54262f2e-6d98-41e3-8888-e40ab5a17326.png" alt="AWS" title="AWS"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/186884150-05e9ff6d-340e-4802-9533-2c3f02363ee3.png" alt="Windows" title="Windows"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/186884152-ae609cca-8cf1-4175-8d60-1ce1fa078ca2.png" alt="macOS" title="macOS"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/76662862/2481dc48-be6b-4ebb-9e8c-3b957efe69fa" alt="Linux" title="Linux"/></code></td>
   <td><code><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white" alt="Notion"/></code></td>
		</tr>
	</table>
</div>

## 🤝 Support My Work
If you enjoy my work and would like to support me, feel free to:
<table style="width: 100%; text-align: center; border-collapse: collapse; margin: 20px 0;">
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2" style="padding: 20px;">
	<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/ranavarshan" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
	  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20My%20Work-FFDD00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black" alt="Support My Work" height="33" width="160" />
	</a>— Click here to contribute and make a difference!
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2" style="font-size: 1.2em; padding: 10px; color: #333;">
      Your support helps me continue working on exciting projects and learning new technologies. 💻🚀
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;">Why Support?</td>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; color: #555;">Your contributions fuel my creativity and allow me to keep learning, growing, and creating innovative solutions!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;">How Can You Help?</td>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; color: #555;">You can support me through small donations, feedback, or sharing my work with others. Every bit helps!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Thank you for visiting my profile! 🌟 ![visitor badge](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=Vrana710.visitor-badge&format=true)

Commit message:

Achieved AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner certification

README.md, after:

# Hey, I'm Varsha Rana! 👋
I'm a **passionate Software Engineer** with over **5 years of experience** in **software development** and **mentoring**. My focus is on creating **well-designed, scalable applications** while emphasizing **clean code**, **user experience**, and **continuous learning**. I hold **Bachelor's degree in Computer Science** and **Master's degree in Computer Applications** from **India**, officially **recognized and validated by the Central Office for Foreign Education (ZAB) in Germany**, and Completed an **intensive software engineering bootcamp** funded by the **German Government**, Recently achieved the **AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner** certification, further strengthening my cloud expertise. Now focused on deepening my knowledge and expanding expertise in **AWS Cloud technologies**.

I love teaching **complex concepts** in a **simplified manner** and am dedicated to delivering **high-quality projects** that solve **real-world problems**. Feel free to explore my latest work on my [**GitHub profile**](https://github.com/Vrana710). If you have any questions or just want to connect, don’t hesitate to reach out!

## 📫 Let's Connect
I'm always excited to connect with fellow software engineers, developers, and tech enthusiasts! If you're interested in sharing ideas, collaborating, or just chatting about tech, feel free to reach out to me:

<table style="border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; text-align: center;">
  <tr style="background-color: #f2f2f2;">
    <th style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">On LinkedIn</th>
    <th style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">Via Email at</th>
    <th style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">Check out my Portfolio</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">
      <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/varsha-rana/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Varsha%20Rana-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">
      <a href="mailto:ranavarsha710@gmail.com">
        <img src="https://github.com/blackcater/blackcater/raw/main/images/social-gmail.svg" alt="Gmail Badge" width="90" height="40" style="border-radius: 5px;">
      </a>
    </td>
    <td style="padding: 15px; border: 1px solid #ddd;">
      <a href="https://vrana710.github.io/Portfolio/">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-visit%20my%20site-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=Google%20Chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio Badge">
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Let’s connect, collaborate, and inspire each other!

## 💻 ⚙️ Languages and Tools
<div align="left">
	<table>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192107855-e669c777-9172-49c5-b7e0-404e29df0fee.png" alt="gRPC" title="gRPC"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192107858-fe19f043-c502-4009-8c47-476fc89718ad.png" alt="REST" title="REST"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108372-f71d70ac-7ae6-4c0d-8395-51d8870c2ef0.png" alt="Git" title="Git"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108374-8da61ba1-99ec-41d7-80b8-fb2f7c0a4948.png" alt="GitHub" title="GitHub"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108889-232b3431-a585-4b36-a62d-9078bd3641d9.png" alt="Vim" title="Vim"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108891-d86b6220-e232-423a-bf5f-90903e6887c3.png" alt="Visual Studio Code" title="Visual Studio Code"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192108892-6e9b5cdf-4e35-4a70-ad9a-801a93a07c1c.png" alt="eclipse" title="eclipse"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/190887576-6653f877-8439-4521-82f3-403086ead892.png" alt="Sublime Text" title="Sublime Text"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192109061-e138ca71-337c-4019-8d42-4792fdaa7128.png" alt="Postman" title="Postman"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192158954-f88b5814-d510-4564-b285-dff7d6400dad.png" alt="HTML" title="HTML"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183898674-75a4a1b1-f960-4ea9-abcb-637170a00a75.png" alt="CSS" title="CSS"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183898054-b3d693d4-dafb-4808-a509-bab54cf5de34.png" alt="Bootstrap" title="Bootstrap"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/186711335-a3729606-5a78-4496-9a36-06efcc74f800.png" alt="Swagger" title="Swagger"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117447155-6a868a00-af3d-11eb-9cfe-245df15c9f3f.png" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183897015-94a058a6-b86e-4e42-a37f-bf92061753e5.png" alt="React" title="React"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/121401671-49102800-c959-11eb-9f6f-74d49a5e1774.png" alt="npm" title="npm"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183568594-85e280a7-0d7e-4d1a-9028-c8c2209e073c.png" alt="Node.js" title="Node.js"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183859966-a3462d8d-1bc7-4880-b353-e2cbed900ed6.png" alt="Express" title="Express"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117201156-9a724800-adec-11eb-9a9d-3cd0f67da4bc.png" alt="Java" title="Java"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192106070-46255bcf-65e6-4c6b-a296-bf8d0d8fb2a7.png" alt="C" title="C"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/192106073-90fffafe-3562-4ff9-a37e-c77a2da0ff58.png" alt="C++" title="C++"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/121405384-444d7300-c95d-11eb-959f-913020d3bf90.png" alt="C#" title="C#"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/121405754-b4f48f80-c95d-11eb-8893-fc325bde617f.png" alt=".NET Core" title=".NET Core"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183423507-c056a6f9-1ba8-4312-a350-19bcbc5a8697.png" alt="Python" title="Python"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183423775-2276e25d-d43d-4e58-890b-edbc88e915f7.png" alt="Flask" title="Flask"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/184117132-9e89a93b-65fb-47c3-91e7-7d0f99e7c066.png" alt="pytest" title="pytest"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/62091613/9bf5650b-e534-4eae-8a26-8379d076f3b4" alt="Django" title="Django"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183570228-6a040b9f-3ddf-47a2-a201-743121dac664.png" alt="php" title="php"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117208740-bfb78400-adf5-11eb-97bb-09072b6bedfc.png" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183896128-ec99105a-ec1a-4d85-b08b-1aa1620b2046.png" alt="MySQL" title="MySQL"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/182884894-d3fa6ee0-f2b4-4960-9961-64740f533f2a.png" alt="redis" title="redis"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/136815194/82df4543-236b-4e45-9604-5434e3faab17" alt="SQLite" title="SQLite"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/19180175/3b371807-db7c-45b4-8720-c0cfc901680a" alt="MSSQL" title="MSSQL"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117207330-263ba280-adf4-11eb-9b97-0ac5b40bc3be.png" alt="Docker" title="Docker"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/182534006-037f08b5-8e7b-4e5f-96b6-5d2a5558fa85.png" alt="Kubernetes" title="Kubernetes"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183868728-b2e11072-00a5-47e2-8a4e-4ebbb2b8c554.png" alt="CI/CD" title="CI/CD"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/179090274-733373ef-3b59-4f28-9ecb-244bea700932.png" alt="Jenkins" title="Jenkins"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183345121-36788a6e-5462-424a-be67-af1ebeda79a2.png" alt="Terraform" title="Terraform"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183896132-54262f2e-6d98-41e3-8888-e40ab5a17326.png" alt="AWS" title="AWS"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/186884150-05e9ff6d-340e-4802-9533-2c3f02363ee3.png" alt="Windows" title="Windows"/></code></td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/186884152-ae609cca-8cf1-4175-8d60-1ce1fa078ca2.png" alt="macOS" title="macOS"/></code></td>
			<td><code><img width="50" src="https://github.com/marwin1991/profile-technology-icons/assets/76662862/2481dc48-be6b-4ebb-9e8c-3b957efe69fa" alt="Linux" title="Linux"/></code></td>
   <td><code><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white" alt="Notion"/></code></td>
		</tr>
	</table>
</div>

## 🤝 Support My Work
If you enjoy my work and would like to support me, feel free to:
<table style="width: 100%; text-align: center; border-collapse: collapse; margin: 20px 0;">
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2" style="padding: 20px;">
	<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/ranavarshan" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
	  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20My%20Work-FFDD00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black" alt="Support My Work" height="33" width="160" />
	</a>— Click here to contribute and make a difference!
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2" style="font-size: 1.2em; padding: 10px; color: #333;">
      Your support helps me continue working on exciting projects and learning new technologies. 💻🚀
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;">Why Support?</td>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; color: #555;">Your contributions fuel my creativity and allow me to keep learning, growing, and creating innovative solutions!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;">How Can You Help?</td>
    <td style="padding: 10px; text-align: left; color: #555;">You can support me through small donations, feedback, or sharing my work with others. Every bit helps!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Thank you for visiting my profile! 🌟 ![visitor badge](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=Vrana710.visitor-badge&format=true)
